doc(Pages): Update remaining pages to remove reference to Portal (#1737)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/profile-creation.adoc

> In the mapping section you can map Users / Groups / Roles / Memberships to your profile. You have to map your profile with elements of the active organization. +

Reviewer: of the active organization. => of an active organization.

> In the mapping section you can map Users / Groups / Roles / Memberships to your profile. You have to map your profile with elements of the active organization. +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the mapping section you can map Users / Groups / Roles / Memberships to your profile. You have to map your profile with elements of an active organization. +
```

⚠  Nodes in the group tree are *independent* ⚠  It means that mapping `/acme` to your profile won't map `/acme/hr` to it. Each node has to be mapped individually to be taken into account. However, you can easily add a whole part of your organization, using the _add subtree_ button:  select a node in the tree, and then click on _add subtree_.

The Applications section provides quick access to the applications mapped to this profile. +

> To map a new application to this profile, you have to open the application and then choose this profile in the profile field of the xref:applicationCreation.adoc[application descriptor editor]

Reviewer: profile, too much profile. 

To map a new application to this profile, you have to open the application and then choose this profile in the profile field of the xref:applicationCreation.adoc[application descriptor editor] => 
For adding an application to a profile, open the application and assign the required profile by using xref:applicationCreation.adoc[application descriptor editor].

> To map a new application to this profile, you have to open the application and then choose this profile in the profile field of the xref:applicationCreation.adoc[application descriptor editor]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For adding an application to a profile, open the application and assign the required profile by using xref:applicationCreation.adoc[application descriptor editor].
```
